the company i'm glad cancer offers to your
attention tractor Belarus 320.4
production of Minsk tractor
overall dimensions of this baby
3 meters 10 centimeters in length 2 meters
15 meters high
weight just 1700 kilograms can well
fits the definition of a little long
the heart of the Tatars is a 3-cylinder diesel
power 33
half horsepower let's open
hood look at it 10 production
firms lombardini slovaks remarkable
feature of the engine is that
high pressure fuel pump for
each cylinder is separate here my
video means pump gear pump
provide work as a hinged system
so and steering the tractor frame
not solid tractor stands on the floor frame
here we see a pair of hydra outlets for
connecting additional equipment
Front small hydraulic tank system
cooling liquid forced
tractor front axle
gantry type front axle drive
3 rear slips are carried out
tax wheels more than four degrees
steering tractor hydra
bulk as already said with one
hydraulic cylinder steering rack has four
and a half turn almost like cars
cars take a look at the casino as seen
the cabin is small only for one
human
manual transmission 3 ranges
reducer lowering a woman so
number of gears forward 16 back 8
let's go to then coins on this
tractor directly mounted
brush equipment
I'm still she but the tractor system
Brush is driven by
tractor power take-off shaft
with a rotational speed of 540 rpm
here we see also means
universal 7 pin socket on
connection
for example carts have access to the air
cart system or trailed some
other units
as well as another pair of hydra exits for
connecting equipment would be for sure
he is 30.02
used for mechanical cleaning of the carriageway
parts of streets and pavement roads from
various sand contaminants
or snow maximum width
meter 30 centimeters thank you for attention